All over the world as Jehovah’s people,
we preach to all who will listen
and we receive loving support
from our congregations.
But how is the global preaching work
organized?
How do congregations stay united
around the world?
The Service Committee of the Governing Body
oversees these tasks.
Their responsibilities
are to oversee the preaching work,
to oversee congregation organization,
and to oversee
the Hospital Liaison Committee arrangement.
First, consider how the Service Committee
supports you in the preaching work.
Coordinating the worldwide preaching work
is an awesome privilege
for the Service Committee,
but we know that it was Jesus
who gave the commission
to “go, . . . and make disciples
of people of all the nations.”
And so we recognize
that Jesus is the one in charge.
A real effort is made
to provide assistance
so that our brothers and sisters,
wherever they are,
can effectively fulfill
their personal ministry.
For example, in recent years,
we’ve seen the introduction
of special metropolitan public witnessing,
prison witnessing,
harbor witnessing,
and reaching out to displaced individuals
—for example, individuals in refugee camps.
And depending on our schedule
or our circumstances,
opportunities to witness informally
may present the best way
that we can fulfill our personal ministry.
Well over 3,000 new disciples
are being baptized every week.
And the preaching work
is being done in 239 lands
around the globe.
The Service Committee works
under the direction of the Governing Body.
We send significant matters
to the Governing Body for direction.
An example is the establishing
of the Teaching Toolbox.
The Service Committee
gives very close attention
to what publications would be considered
as basic tools for the ministry.
And because there are
relatively few of those, all of us
can become very well-acquainted with them.
And thus we’re able to become very effective
in the ministry in preaching the good news
and in starting and conducting
productive Bible studies.
A number of you are moving
to serve where the need is greater.
Many of you are simplifying your life
and, in some cases, a number of you
are learning and adapting to new cultures.
Many thousands have entered
into the pioneer service.
Now, this opens up other avenues of service,
such as serving where the need is greater,
serving on construction projects,
and even entering
into special full-time service.
A special full-time servant does not mean
that they themselves are special.
What is special
is the assignment they receive.
Those in special full-time service
might be assigned to serve
as a special pioneer or as a field missionary
or in the circuit work.
We need you young brothers and sisters
to set spiritual goals:
to go to SKE,
(for you young brothers) to qualify to be
ministerial servants and elders,
and (you sisters) to want to be
pioneers and missionaries
to drive the work ahead worldwide.
Brothers and sisters, when we see
your love for the preaching work,
it is so heartwarming for us.
No matter what your circumstances,
you’re doing your best
to share the good news.
First Corinthians 14:33, 40
tells us that Jehovah wants
things to be done ‘orderly’
and “by arrangement.”
The Scriptures confirm that the heavenly part
of Jehovah’s organization
is well-organized.
The earthly part must be as well.
Our motto is,
“Fast on principles and slow on rules.”
By holding to what is written
in the Scriptures,
we uphold Jehovah’s thinking,
knowing that we’re imperfect
—not infallible.
As the Bible clearly says,
we are not ‘the masters over others’ faith.’
Our brothers and sisters
are under much pressure these days.
There’s the spirit of the world,
there are health problems,
there’s persecution, and there are disasters.
But the elders are there
with the brothers and sisters,
encouraging them
and keeping the congregations clean.
We love you dear elders and circuit overseers
and respect you for the heavy load you carry.
We have congregations in over 200 lands
and in hundreds of languages,
so providing spiritual food
in the form of theocratic direction
that meets the needs
of the brothers and sisters worldwide
is not an easy task.
So we’re in communication
with the branch offices
in over 80 lands.
Those brothers on the Branch Committees
are like eyes and ears
to the Governing Body
and, as a result, we know what the needs are.
The Service Committee
sends out theocratic direction
by means of the Service Departments
in all the branch offices.
As soon as the Service Departments
get that information,
they begin translating it,
and then they ensure that it’s distributed
to some 7,000 circuit overseers
and over 700,000 elders worldwide.
That means that that announcement
or that information
will then reach your congregation.
Like Jesus did with his disciples,
we want to do everything we can to help you
to carry out your personal ministry
to the best of your abilities
and, of course, circumstances.
When making headquarters visits
or shepherding visits to the branches,
I keep in mind
that I’m visiting Jehovah’s sheep
and that they have to be cared for and fed.
It’s very similar to the excitement
that’s generated when congregations
have the visit of their circuit overseer.
That same excitement is generated,
albeit on a larger scale,
when representatives come to the branches.
It allows for that personal interaction
where you can correspond with the branches
to give them the encouragement they need
with things
that they may need assistance with.
It has a tremendous unifying effect.
We love you dear brothers
for your self-sacrificing spirit
and the hard work that you do.
We know that you’re doing Jehovah’s work,
and we know that it’s not always easy.
Wherever we go in the world,
we see the love
that you brothers and sisters have
for Jehovah and for the preaching work.
And when we see what you’re willing to do
for Jehovah, it warms our hearts
and encourages us to keep going.
The work of the Hospital Liaison Committees
is something that is very precious.
When we need help,
Jehovah’s organization is there
to provide it.
To help us become
better acquainted
with the Hospital Liaison Committee arrangement,
we should all take a look at the video
A Loving Provision for Times of Distress.
There’s nothing more frightening
than learning that we have a serious disease
or learning that a loved one
has been in a serious accident.
Jehovah has given us the HLC arrangement
to provide the comfort,
the encouragement, and the strength
that we need at those difficult times.
We cherish our privilege
to preach and worship together.
In this divided world,
our peace, love, and unity
are a modern-day miracle.
With Jehovah’s blessing, we are confident
that the preaching work
will continue to advance
and that the congregations
will “be made firm in the faith.”